Okay,
guys.
So now we're going to speak about the code window and the code window,
or the modules are basically containers for your Mac Rose.
And this is where you're going to write.
Coat.
This is where you're going to write VB a code.
And this is where most of the action action he is gonna happen.
Now you can see here that I've got a module here that is created.
They schooled module one,
and module one has been created because I recorded some macros here on this workbook.
The absolute macaron,
The relative macro.
But actually,
even if you don't record Mac Rose on your workbook,
a module is already created in Excel,
which is,
for example,
the sheet module here.
This is a module that is already created an excel,
and you can start using it so I can write a PSA procedure called testing code,
for example.
And then Aiken destroyed any coat range D one equals one,
for example,
and this is going to put the value of one in cell D one.
So if you run that,
it would still work,
Okay.
However,
normally you do not use the worksheet module or the workbook module to write Normal Micro's
,
you'd normally use them to write event procedures.
OK,
so I'm just gonna delete that because normally you would write normal Macron's in modules.
You create a module either you created or excel it created,
and then you would write the macro that way.
Okay,
so let's go back to our code window here,
and as you can see here at the top,
we've got two menus here to drop down menus.
We've got the object or up,
down,
and we've got the procedure top down on the object.
Drop down allows you to select different objects,
okay.
And we will see that in the future,
especially when we deal with events.
And this procedure drop down allows you to use a certain procedure for that particular
object.
So,
for example,
if you select a worksheet,
you could use the procedure for activating the worksheet.
For example,
which is gonna be the event,
whatever code you're gonna fire whenever that particular sheet is activated and we will see
that in the future.
Now,
currently,
the object drop down has only general in it because we're in a normal module.
But when we're working in events we're going to see workbook or worksheet,
and in this procedure dropped on,
you're going to see your micro's your different macros.
Okay,
so I've got here the absolute macron,
the relative macro.
Okay,
so right now in this module,
we've got two procedures.
We've got the absolute macro procedure,
and we've got the relative macro procedure.
And as you can see here,
I can see both procedures in the module.
If we look at the bottom here,
we will see that we've got two buttons.
We get the full module view button and the procedure view button.
And these buttons enable us to either have a view viewing all the procedures in the module
or just a single procedure.
So,
actually,
if we switch to the procedure of you while we are in the absolute macro,
if you click on that,
you can see here that we are now in a view that shows us just a single procedure.
And this is useful if you've got a lot of procedures in your module and you would like to
focus on just one procedure in order to avoid writing code in the incorrect procedure.
So if you go back to the full module view.
You'll actually see all the procedures in the module.
If we click inside the relative macro and go to the procedure view,
you can see where we are now focused in the relative macro procedure.
Okay,
so these two buttons enable is to toggle between either a full module view or just a
focused view on a single procedure.
Okay,
so now you see this bar here on the left.
This is called the margin Indicator bar,
and it's going to give us some visual cues or visual indicators when we're doing our
handling and debugging for our code,
and we'll see how to do air handing and debugging in the future.
So thanks for watching guys I'll see on the next video.